hey guys i'm back with another video but
to do it's going to be my everything
through the night sweet minecraft it's a
difficult on ps4 playstation 4 so I
don't know XD X 1 both what I'm going to
say is you need to listen carefully for
this one it's a bit confusing but and
this is probably last record the video
because the PlayStation recording
software that I use and that when I go
off the game which is a path which aim
it stopped recording on the video going
to save so that's how you are still in
the you follow those instructions and
I'll put them in the output an
inscription and then we'll go from there
so basically this glitch it works with
any item so you know you wanna grab your
best items a 10-gram shoulders are here
and then so you want your diamonds
emeralds big old yep you want that's a
hold of that and under almost azusa lan
balls so what you want together when our
chests you wanna get cash ready by a ton
frontier so you wanna have you want to
make sure you can also save on so the
and then you want to win sugar also say
when you'd say what safe press ok so
when they let say we'll save obviously
you off the post when you open your
chest closer pause menu say it again
press ok and they will sit then you open
your chest put all the stuff you wanted
a place in there and this is where I'm
gonna have to cut the recording so I'm
gonna cut the recording in the middle
for my new a you close the chest and
rice after you close the chest straight
away you hold the past one in the middle
go on the fringe of what the menu you
hold it and then you'll go to call
application and you'll close the mac
ratification and what you want to do
from there you want to restart the game
and then I'll continue the recording
from there so I am stopped recording or
so and then once is enough restarts the
application and get the loads off so
yeah well yes do is close to a
straightaway hold the ps1 doughnuts in
the middle little circle and you close
application then we start the
application may be basically minecraft
so then you want to lose a few else and
once you've lost a few else you'll find
a bunch of items that I am being in
inventory so you got all them open your
chest and draw the role of Simon's there
stay holed up you don't disappear when
you put it in Game three just put tapa
oh yeah the Dan not that that's it
really and that's that's what I used to
feel good so if you did enjoy this video
guys and be sure to leave a like please
leave a comments and if you want you can
subscribe a but yeah hope you enjoyed
the video and have